Flexibility with accountability: How flex is working for Macquarie's Banking and Financial Services Group 
             Fashion’s new mega trends ESG focus and stakeholder engagement Conduct risk management framework Contact the Foundation Debt investor presentation “As commodities continue to underpin the building of our cities, as our global energy needs continue to grow, and with technology changing the world, we provide access to more than 200 products across more than 25 market segments.” Could technology help better manage future public health emergencies? Contact the Macquarie Group Foundation What We Stand For Our finalists and semi-finalists Business conduct and ethics The Macquarie 50 
 Please try again later. Macquarie Sports Scholarships "The Ocean Cleanup is a bold idea to confront the significant challenge of restoring our ocean ecosystem. This is a unique opportunity to profoundly impact our environment, pursuing an ambitious solution to remove plastic waste from our oceans with significant benefits for wildlife, the food chain and community health." Manage Staff Additional information on the risk management framework 
Traded Market Risk Fogarty Foundation Taking an innovative approach to asset finance Explore more about Macquarie Macquarie 50th Anniversary Award Macquarie Group Foundation 2018 Annual Review Burnet Institute COVID-19: a defining moment for our education systems? The judging process Commodities and Global Markets 
Contact our Share Registry People and Workplace Combining decades of sector expertise with flexible capital. Advise Avenues for reporting improper conduct Investors 
Pricewaterhouse Coopers To boost local economic activity and lower carbon emissions, MGT Power set out to construct the world’s largest new-build biomass plant in Teesside, UK. Enabling the healthcare workforce in the US Greater Houston COVID-19 Recovery Fund Channeling our expertise through events and sponsorship A partnership to build tomorrow’s energy grid. The transformative potential of healthtech Macquarie’s Green Investment Group partnered with Candela Renewables to create a leading, utility-scale solar development platform. Results Investing in international healthcare Surfing Remuneration and consequence management Aberlour Child Care Trust Austraclear Services Limited Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) SMART 
Further information The global education opportunity Financing the largest onshore wind farm in Europe Discover the Macquarie difference Spotlight on: Monash University’s World Mosquito Program Expanding academic opportunities for healthcare professionals across the US 2016 Our grant partners ESG governance structure Macquarie Sports' key objectives are to: Jan Sahas ING Bank N.V. Cricket Rugby League Macquarie Sports Scholarships help athletes gain work experience in the corporate arena Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited Hydrothon To the Dealers " In a Series E financing led by EXOR, Macquarie Capital contributed to a capital raise that values the company at $US2.25 billion. Experience "Social Finance addresses a compelling area of social need by unlocking new pathways to economic mobility. This novel approach to social impact investing will see thousands of people trained and employed by addressing social needs with private sector funds, based on social outcomes achieved." Sitemap 
  Macquarie Group Limited supplementary business and financial disclosure “We empower our people to identify unmet community need and to use our specialist expertise to find long-term solutions to meet that need.” Accountability Manage your holding Meet more of our people   Enabling opportunity and driving success for our clients J.P. Morgan Securities Ltd. Asylum Seekers Centre Defying convention across industries Our services Home of Hope CEO address: Australia's investment landscape FREO2 University of Melbourne Macquarie Group Limited ESG reporting "Fifty years ago, 90 per cent of children in the US went on to earn more than their parents. Today it is just 50 per cent. Meanwhile, 40 percent of employers face labour shortages, resulting in over 7 million unfilled jobs nationwide. With the Macquarie Award, we will build a bold set of impact investments to address the dual challenges of declining economic mobility and a growing skills gap in our economy." "Our project supplies hope by offering a way to prevent suffering caused by these diseases in developing countries around the world. It focuses on the mosquito itself to have the most impact, treating the problem at the source. Now that we have good evidence that the intervention is working, we want to tackle the problem at scale and deliver it to communities who need it most." Benetech Together, Macquarie’s businesses partnered with MGT to commercialise, structure and finance the development, funding 50 per cent of the equity and raising the remaining funds needed to source this sustainable fuel supply. Develop Select from the options below to generate your personalised Macquarie report. Supporting the communities in which we live and work has been an important part of Macquarie’s activities since our inception in 1969. In that time, our people have devoted thousands of hours to work with non-profit organisations around the world and together with the Foundation have contributed more than $A360 million to drive social change at the local community level. We are delighted to mark our 50th anniversary by extending this tradition with a further $A50 million commitment. Our ideas and skills in action The changing face of flexible working Banking Code of Practice 2020 Macquarie Australia Conference Via is an on-demand transit provider focused on shared rides, with services in 20+ cities and more than 700 million global rides to-date. Managing environmental and social risk Digitally disrupting Australian retail banking Macquarie Group Limited dividend information Market Abuse Regulation Disclosures SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited Commonwealth Bank of Australia  Monash University's World Mosquito Program Macquarie Group 2020 Operational Briefing: Commodities and Global Markets A top 50 Macquarie Group Foundation to donate $A20 million to COVID-19 relief efforts Water Polo US Investors Media contacts “The arrangement enables us to deploy capital to utility-scale solar developments in the US, leveraging our balance sheet, global scale and capability.” Macquarie MCAF Privacy Notice Caritas Luxembourg “We are excited to deepen our partnership with Via. Their fully automated platform enables communities to adjust their service levels in real time to all scenarios of economic activity or public health requirements.” Macquarie Sports 20th Anniversary Rugby Union “Together we are delivering best-in-class storage solutions to build tomorrow's energy grid.” 
                     Macquarie Bank International Limited "Backed by 15 years of research, the World Mosquito Program represents a transformational opportunity to protect millions of lives from multiple devastating diseases. Strengthening local communities is at the heart of the Macquarie Group Foundation’s work and we’re delighted to support Monash University’s goal to create generational, long-lasting impact." 
Cyber and information security risk Please reset your filter or adjust your selection. Raise Foundation 2012 2010 2008 Basel III 2007 A record year of contributions to the communities in which we live and work “We are strongly positioned to help diversify the range of energy options available to consumers and businesses across the country through delivering renewable energy projects to meet Japan’s long term energy aspirations." The PHL COVID-19 Fund 
Allen & Overy LLP Investing in International Healthcare Cerebral Palsy Alliance Maintaining an appropriate risk culture Landmark financing of a utility-scale, behind-the-meter battery portfolio that will help alleviate grid congestion and lower customer electricity bills across the West Los Angeles Basin. Renewables: from alternative source to major energy force Partner 2018 Participation In its first investment outside the UK, the Green Investment Group acted as financial adviser, development partner and equity investor in Sweden’s Markbygden Ett wind farm. “In Banking and Financial Services, we support our clients through many key moments in their life, from buying a home to starting a business and managing their family’s wealth. It’s a privilege we take seriously, and it’s why we’re committed to delivering the best possible experience and outcomes for our clients.” Diversity and inclusion Bridging the gaps to accelerate the energy transition Investing in the future of transport with Via Social Finance Via’s emergency services and transit network optimisation expertise is being utilised across the world in locations as diverse as Berlin, Ohio, and Malta to support communities impacted by COVID-19. Macquarie Group 2020 Operational Briefing: Banking and Financial Services Cameron Murray, Rabbitohs player and State of Origin debutant "Plastic continues to destroy ecosystems and economies, and has potentially damaging effects on human health on a big scale. More than three billion people rely on fish as their primary source of protein and tipping plastic into the ocean ends up in the food chain, with associated health consequences. We started The Ocean Cleanup to develop the tools for humanity to be able to solve this problem." Unsecured funding Sheltering Arms Foundation Week Recruitment Fraud Client feedback shapes business decisions Accelerating the green transition: Martina Flanagan’s story Macquarie’s expertise in renewables and infrastructure is helping the world’s fourth largest economy transition from nuclear to renewable energy. Lessons on remote schooling and working from Hong Kong: Flavia’s story Westpac Banking Corporation Our impact We are a global financial services group operating in 31 markets Opportunity Our organisation Goldman Sachs International From nuclear to solar: supporting the transition of Japan’s electricity system 2013 Related case studies Developing advanced renewable solar technology that is reliable and cost-effective. Responding to modern slavery in Asia Hands On Hong Kong Who we are Citicorp International Limited 
What can you do to prepare? Bank of China Limited 
Why is the LIBOR replacement important for clients, counterparties, investors and other stakeholders? Committee memberships Bateau Geneve In the community: Video spotlights News Releases Covered bonds Debt investors Goonj 
Lower costs to rewrite the risk/return equation Here are some of the key events that have shaped our evolution into a uniquely diversified business Investor Relations and Media Our funding recipients Sorry, this service is currently unavailable. Largest known wind power purchase agreement in the world to underwrite supply. Further information 
What does the replacement of LIBOR entail? Equity Capital Solutions Disclosures Our businesses Grant making focus area Meet the other winners "We are at a critical inflection point in the fight to ensure everyone, everywhere can access primary healthcare. We are grateful for the opportunity to partner with Macquarie Group and others to demonstrate what’s possible when governments invest in health systems that reach all people - no matter where they live." Scholarships Community Banking and Financial Services Base Macquarie Group Collection year in review External parties Continuous disclosure Latest videos National Australia Bank Limited InvestorServe Montgomery Summit 2020 Merrill Lynch International  Mitigating and adapting to climate change Macquarie Bank Limited supplementary business and financial disclosure The EU has ambitious climate and energy targets for 2030, aiming to provide affordable, secure and sustainable energy. Support Our purpose We look beyond convention to create new possibilities and deliver real business impact to our clients – our partners.  Secured funding Principles for Suppliers Special dividends 2017 Annual Review Protections under the Whistleblower Policy 2017 Global Commission on Adaptation Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets HSBC Bank plc J.P. Morgan Securities plc Annual Reviews MIF Asia Pacific Disclosures Why it matters 
Hedging risk through renewables To the Issuer We understand the importance of diversity and inclusion Global grant-making focus area Royal Far West Meals on Wheels Client experience Macquarie Group funding structure USB AG London Branch Our expertise in action Disclosure to wholesale metals clients 2020 Global economic and markets outlook by Ric Deverell Macquarie Bank Limited Please wait while we build your presentation Our in-house experts share their insights on the forces shaping the dynamic global markets in which we operate. In 2019, Macquarie Sports will celebrate its 20th anniversary. To mark the occasion, we will hold a unique multi-sport clinic for children from drought affected communities of western New South Wales. Citibank, N.A., London Branch c/o Citibank, N.A., Dublin Branch Life in the time of COVID-19, the sectors set to change in the post-pandemic world Transparency statements We support initiatives that promote innovation and create memorable experiences, focusing on the arts, cultural and heritage activities and community sport. Our people There is an abundance of information in circulation about COVID-19 as the global community works to understand and mitigate the impact of the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. Malaysian Privacy Policy Human Rights Watch 2018 Discover Trilogy Education Services The 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster had a profound effect on Japanese energy policy. Nuclear reactors generated 30 per cent of the nation’s electricity at that time, but since then the Japanese Government has reformed its electricity system in favour of renewable energy generation. Contacts for shareholders Jawun In focus Contact Macquarie’s digital banking experience is considered best in class, an accolade which has been reinforced by a number of industry awards. Removing barriers to participation MIF EMEA Disclosures National Primary Games History Macquarie in depth Manage your shares Trade Educate How might COVID-19 impact China's healthcare reforms? Code of Conduct International Rescue Committee Maximizing solar and capital efficiency. Accelerating America's green transition Providing risk and capital solutions Macquarie Sponsorships Green financing Macquarie Asset Management Building tomorrow’s energy grid with AMS, CIT and Tesla Our strategic focus in EMEA Macquarie Group Foundation Our response Discover Macquarie's capabilities Macquarie Capital Europe’s largest single-site onshore wind farm. Financial calendar 2020 Full-year CEO Result overview Company Caritas Austria Environmental, Social and Governance Executive Committee Staff champions Our approach Macquarie Group Foundation: Supporting the communities where we live and work. Organisation structure Social innovation Murdoch Children’s Research Institute World Scabies Program Macquarie Group Foundation 2019 Annual Review Girl Effect Netball Latest news 2019 Risk culture and conduct risk management Overview Streetwise Opera Good360 SCORES Hockey The world’s largest new build dedicated biomass power station, boosting the economy of North-East England by £20 million each year for consumers and businesses. Composition of workforce Generate your personalised report Macquarie was able to secure this unique opportunity based on our sector and in-house development capabilities, and comprehensive platform offering.  Anniversary Award supports five organisations that are addressing areas of significant social need through bold projects that promise lasting community benefit. Office locations Banking and Financial Services (BFS) comprises Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services businesses, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients. General enquiries Workplace Gender Equality Development and acquisition of £900 million MGT Teesside biomass power station. Restaurants du Coeur MIF Holdings Limited There has been an error with your request. Please try again. 2017 Macquarie Sports Committee MGT Teesside: Having the confidence to deliver Citigroup Global Markets Limited Engaging our stakeholders Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Our policies and  Integrity Credit ratings Macquarie Group Foundation COVID-19 donation fund “Advancement in the last ten years has focused in two key areas. A focus on anytime, anywhere, accessible learning programs, particularly in mobile formats. And second, online educational software across an ever-increasing array of subject areas for all learning levels. In the case of the latter, there has also been a high focus on gamification driving at higher overall engagement and retention of students.” Finalists Macquarie Sports partners Securing Japan’s solar future Constitution and charters The future of investment in renewable energy Contact a specialist Investor presentation We couldn't find any items that match your criteria. Climate Finance Leadership Initiative Contact us Hello Sunday Morning Government subsidies have been determining returns Mitigating and adapting to climate change Discover Allovue Defining our ESG focus “One thing is now abundantly clear. Most healthcare systems were completely unprepared for a crisis of the magnitude of COVID-19 – and it will be an enormous catalyst for change.” 
What does the change mean for Macquarie? Clear accountability for risk management Follow us Select your preferred currency Annual General Meeting 2020 
                       Recent news SafetyNet Primary Care Debt Investors Helping drive the growth of solar energy in the US The holey dollar: a symbol of innovation  global asset manager, providing investment solutions to clients across a range of capabilities and products. PUMA Octavian Forum 2019 Payments Mother's Choice Welcome to Macquarie’s supplier portal Experience the virtual conference Florida's First Coast Relief Fund Workforce Diversity Policy Our long-term commitment to renewable energy Why the risk profile of European renewables is likely to change Contact Macquarie Sports AYALA Foundation 
Why are IBOR reforms taking place? "The faster we can accelerate investment in projects that both reduce emissions and create jobs, the more progress we can make reducing the health and economic risks that come with climate change... This initiative will help us do that, by bringing more capital to the fight against climate change.” Risk management Market commentary The Integrity Office Finance Other company policies News Australians expect their banking experience to feel like the social and digital services they use every day. Case studies Email us LV Prasad Eye Institute Sports clinics 2018 Annual Review 2014 Leadership and Corporate Governance Macquarie Sports Year in review Corporate address: Supplier portal The Ocean Cleanup London Community Response Fund FY20 final dividend World Mosquito Program Look Beyond Convention. Bringing best in class technology to banking. Raising concerns about improper conduct As one of the world’s leading green energy investors and advisers, Macquarie is supporting Japan’s energy market transition in several ways. Green Investment Group "The World Scabies Program has tools at the ready to eliminate a highly-contagious, debilitating disease. Through its bold approach to tackling a global health problem, the Murdoch Children's Research Institute and its partners promise to positively impact quality of life for millions of people." “My Community has been a great way to let staff know about volunteering opportunities. We recently put up opportunities to run mock interviews for one of our charity partners, and the spaces were filled within 24 hours.” 
Electrification: the path to a renewable future 2009 Our approach to risk management is based on stable and robust core risk management principles. It is supported by our longstanding approach to establishing and maintaining an appropriate risk culture. Macquarie Sports 2018 Macquarie Sports Committee 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book "With half of the world’s population living without access to essential healthcare, we're proud to support Last Mile Health's innovative approach to achieving health equity in delivering lifesaving care to some of the world's most remote communities." Community activities in one place How Macquarie Capital supported Via’s next stage of growth, contributing to a $US2+ billion Series E cap raise Global infrastructure: The funding solutions Look Beyond Convention Macquarie Group 2020 Operational Briefing: Risk Management Group Macquarie insights on renewable energy and climate change solutions Powering innovation in InfraTech HOME Macquarie Investor Relations COVID-19 Learn more about the winners Sustainability in direct operations The Peter Doherty Institute for Infection and Immunity Macquarie’s highly personalised and intuitive digital banking experience uses the same technology as Netflix and Facebook. My Community Macquarie Group Privacy Policy Core risk management principles Ric Deverell in conversation with Glenn Stevens Focus on ESG intensifies as real asset investors seek returns, reveals new Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets report Powering the UK using sustainable biomass Supply chain Risks we manage Board of Directors IBOR transition Funding Featured videos Whistleblower Policy 2011 Our renewable energy credentials Montgomery Summit 2019 Our specialist expertise Corporate Governance The Global Foodbanking Network 
King & Wood Mallesons About Last Mile Health Macquarie Group Limited and Non-Banking Group Regulatory disclosures Macquarie Bank Limited and Banking Group 2015 Munich Red Cross Latest perspectives Policies Other current positions Support groups Important Terms and Information 2020 Award objectives Powering the future Welcome to the Macquarie Sports 2017 Annual Review Please select the presentation with your preferred currency Funding outcomes Liquidity India Investor Information At Macquarie Capital, we pair grounded thinking with innovative ideas and focused expertise, to see the connections others don’t. And with global capabilities across the capital spectrum, we can create what others can’t. External ESG initiatives and standards MIF Americas Disclosures Comprehensive support from start to finish. Environmental and social financing "Scabies is a disease of poverty. It’s a miserable disease that affects children more than any other group, with its transmission exacerbated by overcrowding and poor living circumstances." Our stories Macquarie Group Collection Year in review 
What are IBOR? Operational Briefing 2020: Banking and Financial Services Our insights Q&A with T-REX 
                 "We have an opportunity to make a real and sustainable difference. Together we can invest the world’s long-term savings while helping to build and develop businesses that matter. That’s why we exist, and it’s what we’re relentlessly focused on